modules/common/types/README.md, before:

# @alboe/design-components

[![license: mit](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blueviolet?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/alboe-development/alboe/blob/main/LICENSE)
![state: beta](https://img.shields.io/badge/State\-Beta-blue?style=flat-square)
![scope: public](https://img.shields.io/badge/Scope-Internal-red?style=flat-square)

This package is used as a library for all common types used within the `alboe` project.

* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Contribute](#contribute)
* [Maintainers](#maintainers)

## Installation

This package is meant to be consumed as a **developer dependency**.

Installation, local to this project, can be performed by updating the **developer dependencies** of a `./package.json` file:

```jsonc
{
  /* ... */
  "devDependencies": {
    /* ... */
    "@alboe/common-types": "workspace:~"
  }
}
```

## Usage

This package is intended to be consumed as a module, see this package's [API documentation]() for more details.

## Contribute

Please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/alboe-development/alboe/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more details.

## Maintainers

This package is maintained by **Alboe Development Team**.

Commit message:

docs(common/types): update readme

modules/common/types/README.md, after:

# @alboe/common-types

[![license: mit](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blueviolet?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/alboe-development/alboe/blob/main/LICENSE)
![state: beta](https://img.shields.io/badge/State\-Beta-blue?style=flat-square)
![scope: public](https://img.shields.io/badge/Scope-Internal-red?style=flat-square)

This package is used as a library for all common types used within the `alboe` project.

* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Contribute](#contribute)
* [Maintainers](#maintainers)

## Installation

This package is meant to be consumed as a **developer dependency** within the scope of this project.

Installation, local to this project, can be performed by updating the **developer dependencies** of a `./package.json` file:

```jsonc
{
  /* ... */
  "devDependencies": {
    /* ... */
    "@alboe/common-types": "workspace:~"
  }
}
```

## Usage

This package is intended to be consumed as a module, see this package's [API documentation]() for more details.

## Contribute

Please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/alboe-development/alboe/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more details.

## Maintainers

This package is maintained by **Alboe Development Team**.
